external/sketch/linode/README.md, before:

# How to Play

## How to start

The first thing you'll need to do is set up a Linode account.

You will need to generate a [Linode API key](https://www.linode.com/docs/products/tools/cloud-manager/guides/cloud-api-keys/)

Next, copy `example-variables.tfvars` to  `variables.tfvars` and edit to suit your needs:

``` terraform
# Your Linode API token
linode_api_token = ""

# Which Linode region should this be built in
linode_region = ""

# Host image you would like to use
linode_image = ""

# Used for initial ssh cap from where terraform is run (ie workstation) into cloud instances
ssh_private_key = ""
ssh_public_key  = ""

# Shortname for the engagement, will be used to identify resources in Linode and hostnames
engagement_name = ""

# Path to place your ssh configuration for this infrastructure
ssh_config_path = ""
```

## Spin up Instances

From there you can run

1. `terraform init`
2. `terraform apply -var-file=variables.tfvars`
3. Run the output ansible command to configure your hosts `ansible-playbook ../ansible/sketch-playbook.yml -i inventory.ini -e "ssh_key=KEY" -e "ssh_config_path=PATH"` or use `provision.sh` to configure them manually.

## Advanced configuration

A basic configuration will allow you to setup one `middle` and one `edge` instance in your region of choice. You may use these variables in your `variables.tfvars` to change them:

### Regions
Configure different regions for your middle and edge instances.

```terraform
middle_region = "REGION-A"
edge_regions   = ["REGION-B",  "REGION-C", "REGION-D"]
```

### Instance Count
Configure multiple edge instances. (Can also be done with middle)

```terraform
edge_count_per_region = "N"
```

#### Multiple Regions and Instance Count > 1

If you configure you variables like so:

```terraform
edge_regions   = ["REGION-B",  "REGION-C", "REGION-D"]
edge_count_per_region = "2"
```

You will produce a total of **6** instances:

- `engagement-REGION-B-01` 
- `engagement-REGION-B-02` 
- `engagement-REGION-C-01` 
- `engagement-REGION-C-02` 
- `engagement-REGION-D-01` 
- `engagement-REGION-D-02`

### Instance Type
Can be done with both middle and edge instances.

```terraform
middle_type = "g6-nanode-1"
```

Commit message:

update sketch to use generated keys
Users have the option to use a key of their choosing still, but it is off by default. By default users will just use the keys generated by using terraform apply when standing up homebase

external/sketch/linode/README.md, after:

# How to Play

## How to start

The first thing you'll need to do is set up a Linode account.

You will need to generate a [Linode API key](https://www.linode.com/docs/products/tools/cloud-manager/guides/cloud-api-keys/)

Next, copy `variables.tfvars.example` to  `variables.tfvars` and edit to suit your needs:

``` terraform
# Your Linode API token
linode_api_token = ""

# Which Linode region should this be built in
linode_region = ""

# Host image you would like to use
linode_image = ""

# Shortname for the engagement, will be used to identify resources in Linode and hostnames
engagement_name = ""

# Path to place your ssh configuration for this infrastructure
ssh_config_path = ""

# Change me if you are using different keys than those that are generated with homebase instantiation.
# Give the path to the private
# ssh_priv_key_path = 
# ssh_pub_key_path =
```

## Spin up Instances

From there you can run

1. `terraform init`
2. `terraform apply -var-file=variables.tfvars`
3. Run the output ansible command to configure your hosts `ansible-playbook ../ansible/sketch-playbook.yml -i inventory.ini -e "ssh_key=KEY" -e "ssh_config_path=PATH"` or use `provision.sh` to configure them manually.

## Advanced configuration

A basic configuration will allow you to setup one `middle` and one `edge` instance in your region of choice. You may use these variables in your `variables.tfvars` to change them:

### ssh keys
By default the public keys placed on the instances will be `~/.ssh/${engagement_name}.pub`. You can change this by overw ritting the default value of `ssh_key_path` in `variables.tfvars`.

```terraform 

### Regions
Configure different regions for your middle and edge instances.

```terraform
middle_region = "REGION-A"
edge_regions   = ["REGION-B",  "REGION-C", "REGION-D"]
```

### Instance Count
Configure multiple edge instances. (Can also be done with middle)

```terraform
edge_count_per_region = "N"
```

#### Multiple Regions and Instance Count > 1

If you configure you variables like so:

```terraform
edge_regions   = ["REGION-B",  "REGION-C", "REGION-D"]
edge_count_per_region = "2"
```

You will produce a total of **6** instances:

- `engagement-REGION-B-01` 
- `engagement-REGION-B-02` 
- `engagement-REGION-C-01` 
- `engagement-REGION-C-02` 
- `engagement-REGION-D-01` 
- `engagement-REGION-D-02`

### Instance Type
Can be done with both middle and edge instances.

```terraform
middle_type = "g6-nanode-1"
```
