external/aws/README.md, before:

# WTF

This is the home for scripts to automagically create a new perfect
sphere of hacking.

The basic idea is that each enagement has its own VPC that
encapsulates all data for that engagement.  This keeps things from
being cross-contaminated between parallel and past engagements and
minimizes that data we have exposed in AWS at any one time.  It also
helps keep our system architecture sane and auditable.

Each operation, as noted above will have a VPC.  This also enables us
to create a staging VPC to try out infrastructure changes that need to
happen prior to or during an engagement.

# VPC Structure

Each VPC uses the same internal IP space of 192.168.0.0/16.  We use
the subnet of 192.168.0.0/24 for now.  If needed, we can use other
subnets.

## Machines in an operation VPC

* Homebase (192.168.0.2)

   Each VPC has at least one machine, named homebase, which is a kali
   box with ssh open to target.victim.  It hosts things like cobalt strike and
   empire and other tools as needed.  This machine is the one that we
   connect to do operate the other machines within the VPC and is the
   only machine that should be having incoming connections from target.victim
   that are not C2 traffic.

   This machine should never make outgoing connections to target.victim and
   will have a security group in place to prevent opsec mistakes.

   To facilitate easier ssh config, this machine will have an A record
   on the infra.us domain.  For example, if the public IP was
   123.456.789.012, op-example.inc.red, would point to that IP.  The
   /etc/hosts file on this machine contains entries for the other
   machines in the VPC as subdomains of the A record.  For example:
   ```
   192.168.0.3   proxy-1.op-example.infra.us
   192.168.0.4   proxy-2.op-example.infra.us
   192.168.0.5   proxy-3.op-example.infra.us
   ```

   This way, one can ssh into the VPC with the following snippet in .ssh/config:
   ```
   Host *.op-example.infra.us
      ProxyCommand tsocks ssh op-example.infra.us nc -q0 %h 22
   ```

  For testing purposes use t2.medium as machine type ($0.0464 per
  Hour) currently.  However, for operations, please use m4.4xlarge as
  machine type ($0.8 per Hour) currenlty.  See homebase/Vagrantfile

* Proxy Machines

  These are the machines that receive C2 traffic from target.victim proxies
  are therefore indictable by defenders.  They need They serve two proxy
  functions, forward and reverse.

  They reverse proxy incoming connections from target.victim proxies
  (http/https traffic) to homebase or other C2 servers as need arises.
  These machines require FQDN for certificates.  SSL can be terminated
  at either the proxy machine or the C2 machine depending on what the
  server supports.

  The forward proxy is to forward attack traffic from homebase or
  other attack machines back to target.victim.  Each proxy machine has a socks
  proxy on port 1080 that is listening on the private 192.168.0.0/16
  network, to allow use as a forward proxy within the VPC.
  Additionally, each proxy has an http proxy listening on port 8888 on
  the private network.

* Elastic Stack Machine

  This machine functions as our centralized logging server. It contains an elastic stack
  (elasticsearch, logstash, kibana).

  All logs from machines in the VPC are sent to the Elastic Stack.

* Nweb

  A dedicated nweb instance providing port scanning capabilities as well as
  the web interface to see the results.

## Ongoing VPC Structure

* homebase

  As above, this will have a homebase machine and similar ssh structure.

* nweb

  Nweb scanning is a continuous activity that we should always be doing.
  
# How to Play

## How to start

The first thing you'll need to do is setup IAM in AWS and generate an EC2 keypair. 

To do so, from IAM in AWS make a user and add that user to the group "redteam". 

Click on the newly created user and go to the "Security Credentials" tab. See under access and obtain the values for "AWS_KEY" and "AWS_SECRET"

You'll need to generate a PRIVATEKEY.pem file and copy it in to the ~/.aws directory.

To do so, log in to AWS and navigate to EC2. Under Network and Security select 'Key Pairs'. Select 'Create Key Pair' and use your username. It should automatically download a .pem file. Copy this .pem file to your AWS directory and rename (mv) it from your username to 'PRIVATEKEY.pem'

Source your aws setup from `~/.aws/awssetup.sh` and make it look like

```
export AWS_KEY="KEY"
export AWS_SECRET="SECRET"
export AWS_KEYNAME=USERNAME
export AWS_KEYPATH=~/.aws/PRIVATEKEY.pem
```
From there run `source ~/.aws/awssetup.sh` before doing any deployments. 

You also need to setup your AWS credentials in `~/.aws/credentials`

```
[default]
aws_access_key_id = <STUFF>
aws_secret_access_key = <THINGS>
```

Also set `~/.aws/config` to your zone such as 

```
[default]
region=us-west-2
```

## Repo Setup

Because vagrant makes a local `.vagrant` folder to house all information about an instance, we need a copy of that repository for every VPC we need in AWS. On the chance that a change is required for the infrastructure a fork is deal.

1. git clone https://github.com/redteaminfra/redteam-infra <OPNAME>
1. Make a new repo in RedTeamInfra called <OPNAME>
1. git remote rm origin 
1. git remote add origin git@github.com:redteaminfra/<OPNAME>
1. git push origin master

Once the repo is forked and cloned, you may need to make some additional modifications to the puppet modules depending on your use cases. View the README in the puppet repo for additional documentation. 

The infra repo makes use of submodules for SSH, make sure to init those (vagrant will yell at you if you don't)

```
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

Ensure SSHKEY repo is up to date

1. `cd external/aws/host-share/sshkeys`
1. `git pull origin master`
1. `git commit sshkeys`

## Setup Rules for VPC

You will need to configure a few select things in order to spin up homebase

1. If using cobalt strike, plop a tarball into the puppet module in `puppet/modules/cobaltstrike/files/cobaltstrike.tgz`. If not, there are a few things you'll need to comment out such as all of the references to the `.cobaltstrike.license` in `Vagrantfile` for homebase.
1. Put a list of OPs in `external/aws/ips.py` that your company uses for OUTBOUND traffic. This will be used for both SSH inbound and OPSEC rules
1. Fill out the CIDRs in `puppet/modules/opsec/files/99-opsec` that will be used for OUTBOUND traffic. These are to prevent OPSEC mistakes from homebase.
1. Add auth for AWS SMS to `puppet/modules/monitoring/files/authFile.yaml`
1. Add public keys to `external/sketch/provision.sh` inside the `authorized_keys` blob for users you want to access the redirector instances.

## Make a new VPC

1. `virtualenv -p python3 venv`
1. `. venv/bin/activate`
1. `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
1. `./make_vpc.py`

## Spin up a Homebase in that VPC

Note: vagrant ssh does not work for reasons I don't fully understand.

1. `./make_boxes.sh`
1. `cd homebase`
1. `vagrant plugin install vagrant-aws`
1. `vagrant plugin install vagrant-triggers`
1. Set the VPC\_JSON env variable to point to the vpc json made above
1. Set the AWS\_KEY, AWS\_SECRET, AWS\_KEYPATH, environment variable
1. Vagrant up --provider aws

## Machine standup order

In order to successfully standup machines in the VPC for operations, the machines should be broughtup in the following order.

1. homebase
1. proxies
1. Nweb
1. elkServer

After homebase is deployed you will need to edit the SSH stanza in order for proxies, nweb, and elkServer to successfully deploy. Vagrant spits out a command for this and modifies `~/.ssh/config`

Once homebase is deployed, just change directories to each of the other boxes. 

There are a few puppet modules you will need to modify for every op. View what to change in the `puppet/README`

1. Cobalt Strike
1. Mod Rewrite

Additionally follow the directions in `Setup Rules for VPC`

## Enabling HTTPS CS Beacons

This is a manual process, partly becuase it involves configuration of presently non-automated DNS settings.  The result of this flow, rather than to commonly documented flows is that in this flow, we have SSL terminated at the proxies.  There are 4 moving parts here:

* DNS server for your domain
* Proxies
* Cobalt Strike Server
* Cobalt Strike Beacons

Procedure:

1. Make two A records for domain, .domain and www.domain (for example .fuuu.party and www.fuuu.party).  Point these to a proxy
1. Get letsencrypt certs for your domain on the proxies.  Select HTTP->HTTPS redirect
1. Edit the generated http conf that let's encrypt drops (000-default-le-ssl.conf) to include the lines:
```
SSLProxyEngine on
SSLProxyVerify none
SSLProxyCheckPeerCN off
SSLProxyCheckPeerName off
SSLProxyCheckPeerExpire off
```
1. Reload apache.
1. Test with curl.
1. Setup https reverse listeners on cobalt strike.  Staged listeners will not work.  Set domain to IP and A record for this proxy.
1. Drop binaries on target and get listeners

## Enabling Automatic SSH sync

To make ssh updates go automatically from internal github to deployed aws machines, ssh to internal host and sudo su into sshsyncrobot (this will be fixed soon) and run sync_tool add -i <ip>, where ip is the ip address of your newly deployed homebase.

## Destroy a VPC

1. `virtualenv -p python3 venv`
1. `. venv/bin/activate`
1. `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
1. `./backup_ebs.py -i <VPC-########> -d <description>`
1. `./del_vpc.py -j <json from make\_vpc>.json`

Commit message:

Refactor nweb to natlas
Closes #3 and #14

This change migrates all nweb functionality to the new natlas fork.

external/aws/README.md, after:

# WTF

This is the home for scripts to automagically create a new perfect
sphere of hacking.

The basic idea is that each enagement has its own VPC that
encapsulates all data for that engagement.  This keeps things from
being cross-contaminated between parallel and past engagements and
minimizes that data we have exposed in AWS at any one time.  It also
helps keep our system architecture sane and auditable.

Each operation, as noted above will have a VPC.  This also enables us
to create a staging VPC to try out infrastructure changes that need to
happen prior to or during an engagement.

# VPC Structure

Each VPC uses the same internal IP space of 192.168.0.0/16.  We use
the subnet of 192.168.0.0/24 for now.  If needed, we can use other
subnets.

## Machines in an operation VPC

* Homebase (192.168.0.2)

   Each VPC has at least one machine, named homebase, which is a kali
   box with ssh open to target.victim.  It hosts things like cobalt strike and
   empire and other tools as needed.  This machine is the one that we
   connect to do operate the other machines within the VPC and is the
   only machine that should be having incoming connections from target.victim
   that are not C2 traffic.

   This machine should never make outgoing connections to target.victim and
   will have a security group in place to prevent opsec mistakes.

   To facilitate easier ssh config, this machine will have an A record
   on the infra.us domain.  For example, if the public IP was
   123.456.789.012, op-example.inc.red, would point to that IP.  The
   /etc/hosts file on this machine contains entries for the other
   machines in the VPC as subdomains of the A record.  For example:
   ```
   192.168.0.3   proxy-1.op-example.infra.us
   192.168.0.4   proxy-2.op-example.infra.us
   192.168.0.5   proxy-3.op-example.infra.us
   ```

   This way, one can ssh into the VPC with the following snippet in .ssh/config:
   ```
   Host *.op-example.infra.us
      ProxyCommand tsocks ssh op-example.infra.us nc -q0 %h 22
   ```

  For testing purposes use t2.medium as machine type ($0.0464 per
  Hour) currently.  However, for operations, please use m4.4xlarge as
  machine type ($0.8 per Hour) currenlty.  See homebase/Vagrantfile

* Proxy Machines

  These are the machines that receive C2 traffic from target.victim proxies
  are therefore indictable by defenders.  They need They serve two proxy
  functions, forward and reverse.

  They reverse proxy incoming connections from target.victim proxies
  (http/https traffic) to homebase or other C2 servers as need arises.
  These machines require FQDN for certificates.  SSL can be terminated
  at either the proxy machine or the C2 machine depending on what the
  server supports.

  The forward proxy is to forward attack traffic from homebase or
  other attack machines back to target.victim.  Each proxy machine has a socks
  proxy on port 1080 that is listening on the private 192.168.0.0/16
  network, to allow use as a forward proxy within the VPC.
  Additionally, each proxy has an http proxy listening on port 8888 on
  the private network.

* Elastic Stack Machine

  This machine functions as our centralized logging server. It contains an elastic stack
  (elasticsearch, logstash, kibana).

  All logs from machines in the VPC are sent to the Elastic Stack.

* Natlas

  A dedicated natlas instance providing port scanning capabilities as well as
  the web interface to see the results.

## Ongoing VPC Structure

* homebase

  As above, this will have a homebase machine and similar ssh structure.

* natlas

  Natlas scanning is a continuous activity that we should always be doing.
  
# How to Play

## How to start

The first thing you'll need to do is setup IAM in AWS and generate an EC2 keypair. 

To do so, from IAM in AWS make a user and add that user to the group "redteam". 

Click on the newly created user and go to the "Security Credentials" tab. See under access and obtain the values for "AWS_KEY" and "AWS_SECRET"

You'll need to generate a PRIVATEKEY.pem file and copy it in to the ~/.aws directory.

To do so, log in to AWS and navigate to EC2. Under Network and Security select 'Key Pairs'. Select 'Create Key Pair' and use your username. It should automatically download a .pem file. Copy this .pem file to your AWS directory and rename (mv) it from your username to 'PRIVATEKEY.pem'

Source your aws setup from `~/.aws/awssetup.sh` and make it look like

```
export AWS_KEY="KEY"
export AWS_SECRET="SECRET"
export AWS_KEYNAME=USERNAME
export AWS_KEYPATH=~/.aws/PRIVATEKEY.pem
```
From there run `source ~/.aws/awssetup.sh` before doing any deployments. 

You also need to setup your AWS credentials in `~/.aws/credentials`

```
[default]
aws_access_key_id = <STUFF>
aws_secret_access_key = <THINGS>
```

Also set `~/.aws/config` to your zone such as 

```
[default]
region=us-west-2
```

## Repo Setup

Because vagrant makes a local `.vagrant` folder to house all information about an instance, we need a copy of that repository for every VPC we need in AWS. On the chance that a change is required for the infrastructure a fork is deal.

1. git clone https://github.com/redteaminfra/redteam-infra <OPNAME>
1. Make a new repo in RedTeamInfra called <OPNAME>
1. git remote rm origin 
1. git remote add origin git@github.com:redteaminfra/<OPNAME>
1. git push origin master

Once the repo is forked and cloned, you may need to make some additional modifications to the puppet modules depending on your use cases. View the README in the puppet repo for additional documentation. 

The infra repo makes use of submodules for SSH, make sure to init those (vagrant will yell at you if you don't)

```
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

Ensure SSHKEY repo is up to date

1. `cd external/aws/host-share/sshkeys`
1. `git pull origin master`
1. `git commit sshkeys`

## Setup Rules for VPC

You will need to configure a few select things in order to spin up homebase

1. If using cobalt strike, plop a tarball into the puppet module in `puppet/modules/cobaltstrike/files/cobaltstrike.tgz`. If not, there are a few things you'll need to comment out such as all of the references to the `.cobaltstrike.license` in `Vagrantfile` for homebase.
1. Put a list of OPs in `external/aws/ips.py` that your company uses for OUTBOUND traffic. This will be used for both SSH inbound and OPSEC rules
1. Fill out the CIDRs in `puppet/modules/opsec/files/99-opsec` that will be used for OUTBOUND traffic. These are to prevent OPSEC mistakes from homebase.
1. Add auth for AWS SMS to `puppet/modules/monitoring/files/authFile.yaml`
1. Add public keys to `external/sketch/provision.sh` inside the `authorized_keys` blob for users you want to access the redirector instances.

## Make a new VPC

1. `virtualenv -p python3 venv`
1. `. venv/bin/activate`
1. `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
1. `./make_vpc.py`

## Spin up a Homebase in that VPC

Note: vagrant ssh does not work for reasons I don't fully understand.

1. `./make_boxes.sh`
1. `cd homebase`
1. `vagrant plugin install vagrant-aws`
1. `vagrant plugin install vagrant-triggers`
1. Set the VPC\_JSON env variable to point to the vpc json made above
1. Set the AWS\_KEY, AWS\_SECRET, AWS\_KEYPATH, environment variable
1. Vagrant up --provider aws

## Machine standup order

In order to successfully standup machines in the VPC for operations, the machines should be broughtup in the following order.

1. homebase
1. proxies
1. Natlas
1. elkServer

After homebase is deployed you will need to edit the SSH stanza in order for proxies, natlas, and elkServer to successfully deploy. Vagrant spits out a command for this and modifies `~/.ssh/config`

Once homebase is deployed, just change directories to each of the other boxes. 

There are a few puppet modules you will need to modify for every op. View what to change in the `puppet/README`

1. Cobalt Strike
1. Mod Rewrite

Additionally follow the directions in `Setup Rules for VPC`

## Enabling HTTPS CS Beacons

This is a manual process, partly becuase it involves configuration of presently non-automated DNS settings.  The result of this flow, rather than to commonly documented flows is that in this flow, we have SSL terminated at the proxies.  There are 4 moving parts here:

* DNS server for your domain
* Proxies
* Cobalt Strike Server
* Cobalt Strike Beacons

Procedure:

1. Make two A records for domain, .domain and www.domain (for example .fuuu.party and www.fuuu.party).  Point these to a proxy
1. Get letsencrypt certs for your domain on the proxies.  Select HTTP->HTTPS redirect
1. Edit the generated http conf that let's encrypt drops (000-default-le-ssl.conf) to include the lines:
```
SSLProxyEngine on
SSLProxyVerify none
SSLProxyCheckPeerCN off
SSLProxyCheckPeerName off
SSLProxyCheckPeerExpire off
```
1. Reload apache.
1. Test with curl.
1. Setup https reverse listeners on cobalt strike.  Staged listeners will not work.  Set domain to IP and A record for this proxy.
1. Drop binaries on target and get listeners

## Enabling Automatic SSH sync

To make ssh updates go automatically from internal github to deployed aws machines, ssh to internal host and sudo su into sshsyncrobot (this will be fixed soon) and run sync_tool add -i <ip>, where ip is the ip address of your newly deployed homebase.

## Destroy a VPC

1. `virtualenv -p python3 venv`
1. `. venv/bin/activate`
1. `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
1. `./backup_ebs.py -i <VPC-########> -d <description>`
1. `./del_vpc.py -j <json from make\_vpc>.json`
