external/sketch/README.md, before:

# WTF

A very simple set of provision scripts for zero-trust reflector proxies.

# Moving Parts

If you are using Linode, skip `provision.sh` and use the Linode instructions

## provision.sh

Rediculous bash script that:
* adds user 'user' w/ keys (don't forget to put your key there)
* disables password ssh login
* makes 'user' passwordless sudoer
* enables ufw firewall
* installs unattended-upgrades
* installs nginx
* adds a hostname to the sketch box

This script is ran on the zero-trust reflector proxies to configure them.

You will need to add a SSH public key to this script.

```
./provision.sh <hostname>
```

## Linode
See `linode/README.md`

### How to Play with provision.sh

1. On trusted host:
  1. cat provision.sh | base64 -w0 | xclip -i
1. On untrusted host (zero-trust reflector):
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | bash <hostname>

## install_proxy.py

Sets up a simpleproxy redirector and associated systemd service file.

```
usage: install_proxy.py <IP> <LPORT> <RPORT>

        <IP> ip address of proxy
        <LPORT> local port to listen on
        <RPORT> remote port on proxy

        must be run as root
```

### How to Play with Install_proxy.py

1. On trusted host:
  1. cat install_proxy.py | base64 -w0 | xclip -i
1. On untrusted host (zero-trust reflector):
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | sudo python - \<IP of a proxy\> 443 443
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | sudo python - \<IP of a proxy\> 80 80

## install_ProxyProtocol.sh

Sets up nginx with proxy protocol to pass remote IP information to red team hosted infra

```
usage: ./install_Proxy_Protocol.sh <next hop IP> <edge/middle>
Example: ./provision.sh 192.168.1.10 edge

  <Next Hop IP> is the next hop. e.g.; middle-sketch or prox01-engagement
  <edge/middle> is where the sketch is in the double hop

  Must be run as root
```

### How to Play with install_ProxyProtocol.sh

1. On trusted host:
  1. cat install_ProxyProtocol.sh | base64 -w0 | xclip -i
1. On untrusted host (zero-trust reflector):
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | sudo bash <next hop ip> <edge/middle>

# Ideal Stanza

You should be connecting to the sketchy zero-trust instances in disconnected infra. In the case where you are using a double reflector such as `target <-> sketch 2 <-> sketch 1 <-> proxy##` you could perform the following in an SSH Stanza

```
Host middle-sketch-ENGAGEMENT
    Hostname <IP of Middle Sketch>
    ProxyJump proxy##-ENGAGEMENT
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/sketchyKey
    User user

Host edge##-sketch-ENGAGEMENT
    Hostname <IP an of edge sketch>
    ProxyJump middle-sketch-ENGAGEMENT
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/sketchyKey
    User user
```

This is best used in cases where you are okay with leaking the IP of sketch 1 from a trusted infra ran proxy, but want to keep the IP of sketch 2 safe.

When deploying a double reflector you will want to perform the `How to Play` steps twice for each reflector. For `install_proxy.py` and `install_ProxyProtocol.sh` you would point the appropriate IP addresses to reflector through with the above reflector setting.

Commit message:

feat: Add DigitalOcean provider configuration and variables
Adds the required provider configuration for DigitalOcean and variables in the
example file for personal access token, region, image, and SSH configuration.

external/sketch/README.md, after:

# WTF

A very simple set of provision scripts for zero-trust reflector proxies.

# Moving Parts

If you are using Linode, skip `provision.sh` and use the Linode instructions
If you are using Digital Ocean, skip `provision.sh` and use the Digital Ocean instructions

## provision.sh

Rediculous bash script that:
* adds user 'user' w/ keys (don't forget to put your key there)
* disables password ssh login
* makes 'user' passwordless sudoer
* enables ufw firewall
* installs unattended-upgrades
* installs nginx
* adds a hostname to the sketch box

This script is ran on the zero-trust reflector proxies to configure them.

You will need to add a SSH public key to this script.

```
./provision.sh <hostname>
```

## Linode
See `linode/README.md`

## Digital Ocean
See `digitalocean/README.md`

### How to Play with provision.sh

1. On trusted host:
  1. cat provision.sh | base64 -w0 | xclip -i
1. On untrusted host (zero-trust reflector):
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | bash <hostname>

## install_proxy.py

Sets up a simpleproxy redirector and associated systemd service file.

```
usage: install_proxy.py <IP> <LPORT> <RPORT>

        <IP> ip address of proxy
        <LPORT> local port to listen on
        <RPORT> remote port on proxy

        must be run as root
```

### How to Play with Install_proxy.py

1. On trusted host:
  1. cat install_proxy.py | base64 -w0 | xclip -i
1. On untrusted host (zero-trust reflector):
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | sudo python - \<IP of a proxy\> 443 443
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | sudo python - \<IP of a proxy\> 80 80

## install_ProxyProtocol.sh

Sets up nginx with proxy protocol to pass remote IP information to red team hosted infra

```
usage: ./install_Proxy_Protocol.sh <next hop IP> <edge/middle>
Example: ./provision.sh 192.168.1.10 edge

  <Next Hop IP> is the next hop. e.g.; middle-sketch or prox01-engagement
  <edge/middle> is where the sketch is in the double hop

  Must be run as root
```

### How to Play with install_ProxyProtocol.sh

1. On trusted host:
  1. cat install_ProxyProtocol.sh | base64 -w0 | xclip -i
1. On untrusted host (zero-trust reflector):
  1. echo '\<xpaste\>' | base64 -d | sudo bash <next hop ip> <edge/middle>

# Ideal Stanza

You should be connecting to the sketchy zero-trust instances in disconnected infra. In the case where you are using a double reflector such as `target <-> sketch 2 <-> sketch 1 <-> proxy##` you could perform the following in an SSH Stanza

```
Host middle-sketch-ENGAGEMENT
    Hostname <IP of Middle Sketch>
    ProxyJump proxy##-ENGAGEMENT
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/sketchyKey
    User user

Host edge##-sketch-ENGAGEMENT
    Hostname <IP an of edge sketch>
    ProxyJump middle-sketch-ENGAGEMENT
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/sketchyKey
    User user
```

This is best used in cases where you are okay with leaking the IP of sketch 1 from a trusted infra ran proxy, but want to keep the IP of sketch 2 safe.

When deploying a double reflector you will want to perform the `How to Play` steps twice for each reflector. For `install_proxy.py` and `install_ProxyProtocol.sh` you would point the appropriate IP addresses to reflector through with the above reflector setting.
